[docs][clang] refactor diagnostic spec instruction and grammar nit (#213432)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/InternalsManual.md

```

You can place as many diagnostics on one line as you wish. To make the code

> more readable, you can use back-slash to separate out the diagnostics into

Reviewer: Not a native speaker but "a back-slash" would sound better to me?

Author: I suppose won't make a lot of difference? And we are talking about multiple diagnostics so this should be okay?

Reviewer 2: Yes; this needs an article (see my other comment)

> more readable, you can use back-slash to separate out the diagnostics into

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
more readable, you can use a backslash to split the diagnostics into
```

Reviewer 2: Oh it does say 'diagnostic**s**'; that’s what I get for doing proofreading while still a bit tired... in that case you can keep ‘separate out’ but it should say ‘you can use backslashes’.

Reviewer 2: Also, perhaps a better phrasing would be to say ‘line continuation’ rather than ‘backslash’ because that’s really the main point here

Author: Right that was my initial point. No worries, I'll change it back!
Also wouldn't backslashes be better since its more to-the-point about how the diagnostic tests are written and when you might want to write them in multiple lines where each `expected-*` is followed with a backslash ?

Reviewer 2: Well, I guess it's a matter of perspective; 'backslashes' isn't really incorrect, but it specifically has to ba a backslash followed by a line break; just a random backslash somewhere else isn't gonna do anything, so 'line continuation' would be a bit more precise I think, but I don’t feel too strongly about it (if we want to keep it as is it still needs to be plural 'backslashes' though)

Author: > it still needs to be plural 'backslashes' though

Yes, I already updated that in the last commit

> just a random backslash somewhere else isn't gonna do anything, so 'line continuation' would be a bit more precise I think

Thats true but since the statement is already talking about separating diagnostics into multiple lines I feel it makes sense as is. But let me know if you'd suggest doing it differently so I will just change it accordingly.

Reviewer 2: I suppose it should be clear from context yes
